to avoid predators he travels by night a
time when his eyesight comes into its
own but he also uses his impressive
disgust to build up a 3d picture
he uses sons pitched above our hearing
and his super sensitive news analyzes
every smile
[Music]
he uses this information to create a
sensory map that in the wild would guide
him across kilometers of featureless
desert
[Music]
but his navigational equipment doesn't
stop there wherever he goes glands on
his barely lay down a scent that acts
like a paper trail allowing him to
retrace his steps back home for a
burrowing creature holes are
irresistible
in a hamster ball is astute enough to
control the wrench
[Music]
although some aspects of our modern
world are too challenging even for this
hamster
[Music]
but his incredible senses can also get
him out of trouble
[Music]
using high-pitched calls that we can
hear he detects the draweth by the sound
of the returning echoes disaster averted
he continues his secret mission one he
must complete before daybreak
[Music]